gh-127638: Prevent copying extended attributes of script files when creating venv (#128105)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-12-19-16-17-56.gh-issue-127638.Km-VEi.rst

> Prevent copying extended attributes of script files when creating a venv.

Reviewer: It's better to be less technical in the changelog:
```suggestion
Fix ``No space left on device`` error emitted by :mod:`venv` when on a filesystem that contains large extended attributes.
```
